++Commiting++

==Repository==
The repository for the code base can be found at http://code.google.com/p/graphicslib/

==Developer License Transfer==

By committing to a source code repository or submitting a patch, you the
developer are giving the project maintainer(Jeffery Myers),and his successors
various rights to the work submitted, as defined below;

Grant of Copyright License.
Each Contributor hereby grants to The Project Maintainer a perpetual, 
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright 
license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly 
perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in 
Source or Object form. 

Grant of Patent License.
Each Contributor hereby grants to The Project Maintainer a perpetual,
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable 
(except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use,
offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such 
license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor 
that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination
of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was 
submitted. If the Contributor institutes patent litigation against any entity
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the
Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or
contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to the 
Contributor under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date 
such litigation is filed. 

Submission of Contributions.
Any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by 
Contributors to the Project shall be under the terms and conditions of this 
License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above,
nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license
agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions. 

Notes.
As the original author you may distribute, modify, transfer, and relicense your
copy of a submitted works as you see fit, provided  they do not have additional
licensing restrictions from being a derived work. You may not place any 
restrictions on how the project maintainer (Tim Riker) maintains or handles your
submitted works. Works that are derivations of existing works in the project 
are subject to the current project license(LGPL).Authors that submit works must
have the legal right to agree to these terms, either has original author or
authorized licensee of derived works. The original author and/or submitters agrees 
to not bring suit or claim, against the project maintainer(s) or successors for 
rights of the original submitted work.
